Use graphics caps to check if multiview is supported (#1267)
Unity-Technologies/Graphics: com.unity.render-pipelines.universal/CHANGELOG.md

- Removed the ETC1_EXTERNAL_ALPHA variant from Shader Graph Sprite shaders.
- Eliminated GC allocations caused by the 2D Renderer.
- Removed the 8 renderer limit from URP Asset.

> - Use SystemInfo to check if multiview is supported instead of being platform hardcoded

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Multiview support is now checked using system information from Unity instead of being hard-coded to specific platforms.
```
